1. 2024.3.4—**Thesis**: Automatic driving technique is one of the most convinient funtion when we are driving in the expessway, because it can asisit you in driving to relieve your fatigue.
2. 2024.3.18—What is happiness?
3. 2024.3.25—The etiquette in Yunnan is strict. ——There are some etiquette rules at the dinner table. For instance,  it is polite to wait until everyone is seated before beginning to eat, and when we are eating, you should remember to chew with your mouth closed and avoid talking with food in your mouth. In addition, when you finish eating and then you wanna leave, you should greet everyone courteously. 
4. 2024.4.1
	1. Algorithms and the times when they know me better than they should, for instance, companies use big data algorithms to target individuals with personalized ads based on their online behavior, search histories, and purchase records, while this can make advertising more relevant, it also raises privacy concerns as it involves the collection, analysis, and use of detailed personal information, often without explicit consent.
	2. Everyone will become brighter from_______
	3. ___ are/is the most interesting mystery of nature.
5. 2024.4.8
	1. Funny movie：A funny movie is my favorite movie which can make me happy when I feel sad. When I was watching a funny movie like ......., I always suddenly started laughing and couldn‘t stop myself because of the comedian and the funny plot.——Rules 【Criteria】+facts Or If you wanna show a funny movie made you happy—you can add a movie name【personality】
	2. Your opinion on people who say they only want to date【约会】 rich guys/girls but they don't have any money——In my opinion, people who only want to make an appointment with a wealthy guys/girls is not unadvisable【不明智的】. ——更应该注重个性和性格——这样友谊才是最长久的
	3. Is dancing something we should all know how to do?【个人爱好】 Abusoltely right！If we all know how to dance waltz, we can be more epigamic【吸引异性的】 in a dancing party. This can help you to make new friends even can help you get a girfriend or boyfriend quickly.
6. 2024.4.15
	1. **Should cheating be illegal?** This answer is not entirely yes, I think cheating can be legal. Just like the white lie, it can avoid hurting someone's feelings or to avoid trouble, and not for an evil purpose. For examples, a doctor told a people with malignant tumors you will be fine, he maybe renew hope of living and cooperate with the treatment.
	2. **Emotional cheating or Physical Cheating which one is worse?**——I think emotional cheating to be worse because it involves a betrayal of trust and privacy, which are essential components of a healthy relationship. If some is emotionally cheating on you like she said she love you but actually she dos not love you ,you may be lose money and time becauce of her.
	3. **People who use AI for their pictures on line are normal or someting else？** unnormal, The pictures drawn by AI maybe involves a lot of exaggeration, for example, If you ask AI to draw a laughing smiley face, the smiley face is probably so pompous that we can't smile like this in our daily life. So it deviated from reality.

7. 2024.4.22
	1. Result of listening to heavy metal music——In my opinion, heavy metal music is often fast-paced and energetic, which can lead to increased heart rate and adrenaline, providing a sense of excitement. Secondly, heavy metal music can release your bad emotions and uplift you when you feel upset. 
	2. Causes of being overstressed because of strict teachers——shy
	3. How do social networks influence our understanding of the opposite sex?
	4. Causes and effect of retiring when you are in your early 30's——Medical reasons/ too much money——pursue your dream life style/ player——start a new life.
	5. Causes and effect of your parents spending more time with you while you are doing your homework from ucas.——Parents always support and concern us no matter what we do. When I am doing my homework with some difficulties, parents spend time with me to encourage me.
	6. Factors that make bars look AMAZING in the eyes of many students.——Bars include various attactive things like excited atomosphere with heavy metal music, stage for dancing and palatable wine and delicious dishes. Students can release their bad emotions under these factors.
	7. Consequences of ranking students each class and letting students know who is at the top and who is at the bottom.——Ranking students each class can directly push students to make some progress, and most students can learn more study expreince from the top one. In contrast, it can also give students too much pressure especialy for the students who is at the bottom.
8. 2024.5.6
	1. Computer games VS board games——Board games is more difficult than computer games, for instance, when you play board games like backgammon, you always should know what to do next, that means you need more strategy to against your opponent.
	2. Chatgpt vs getting your friend to do it——Finding a friend to assist us is more benificial to help us grow. For instance, when you confront a problem, a friend will usually give you advice, it can inspire you to complete your tasks and make you generate more great ideas compared to using GPT.
9. 2024. 5.13
	1. I have read a book named My life written by LiNa. As we all know, LiNa is the first Asian player who win the grand slam tennis titles. After she retired, she wrote this book to introduce her tennis career. Although this book is only an introduction to her career, I have also learned a lot from it. The most improtant part about this book is the introduction about how she overcome difficulties  in the face of underestimation. For example, when she won the French open in 2011, she faced a lot of outside pressures, which led to her always losing in the first round of any tournament. But that won't make her lose confidence completely, even though many people doubted her, she always focused on improving herself. And finally she quickly won the Australian open championship in 2014. So, this book taught me how to adjust myself in the face of difficulties and finally overcome them. Besides, this book also describes some of the little pleasures of life while she he played on the tennis tour.——不需要介绍作者简介，并且最好顺序介绍这本书讲了什么内容，不要加很多主观能动性的东西——写一些book 里面包含的内容。

10. 2024.5.20——A growing number of old people【How will this trend affect China：Bring huge pressure to chinese healthcare systems】